XFEM near-tip enrichment for crack propagation (#31730)
idaholab/moose: modules/xfem/doc/content/source/materials/ComputeCrackTipEnrichmentIncrementalStrain.md

# ComputeCrackTipEnrichmentIncrementalStrain

!syntax description /Materials/ComputeCrackTipEnrichmentIncrementalStrain

# Description

The displacement field contains both the standard and the enrichment solution. The

> `ComputeCrackTipEnrichmentIncrementalStrain` is inherited from '`ComputeCrackTipEnrichmentSmallStrain` to allow nonlinear material models, and is applicable only to small-strain problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With XFEM, the displacement field contains both the standard and optionally, the near-tip enrichment solution. This Material calculates the strains for near-tip enrichment from both the standard and enrichment solutions. This model is incremental, which allows for the use of nonlinear material models, but is applicable only to small-strain problems. This is a drop-in replacement for the standard strain calculators.
```
